This game's story is about a mouse trying to find it's way through this oversized world.

The player has no idea that it's a mouse but little clues here and there hint at it. For example, everything is huge, you like cheese a lot, and you dislike cats and big animals.

While the player is tiny, we will assume that this mouse has the abilities and strength to manipulate various found objects.

The story elements should include something like this:
* the house/property is owned by a widowed old man.
* His memory is fading but his routine hasn't. He enjoys reading various books that he use to read to his family.
* The house is in disrepair as he doesn't have the strength to clean it very often.
* Though out the property, you'll find books laying here and there, pictures of family, and measurements marked on walls (children's height at various ages) and other elements that triggers memories (good and bad).


General notes about every room:
* Add descriptions for walls, floors, and ceiling (if any).
* Add descriptions for any portals (doors, windows, etc.).
* Every room should have a short and long description. The short description is shown by default upon entrance of a room
* The room's long description is revealed once the player executes 'examine room' command.
* Each room opens with the short description followed by directions.


Room 1: Study
<short description: TBD>
To the west, you see a messy looking hole in the wall that you could probably squeeze through if you tried. To the east, you see faint light spilling out from what looks like a kitchen.

Description of Study (short):
  TBD

  items of no interest:
    books, half broken bookshelves, well worn red-brown plush chair, shaded window, red velvet vintage smoking jacket, vintage smoking pipe and stand

    walls:

    books:
    books include: "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" by Beatrix Potter (1902), "A Little Princess" by Frances Hodgson Burnett (1905), "Alice in Wonderland" by Lewis Carroll (reprint), and "The Lion & the Mouse" which is missing it's cover and first few pages.

    plush chair:
    This tan and gold trimmed plush chair looks deteriorated but is still very inviting for one to sit in if one was reading a book found within this study. This comfy chair looks Victorian in design with pieces of the gold tufted back stuffing missing from the outer edges. The low arms suggests this chair is more for entertaining than reading but here it sits nonetheless.
    A red smoking jacket rests over the left arm and into the seat.
    You would sit in it if you weren't worried about messing the jacket's appearance.
    Under the chair, you notice a shabby sepia-toned picture of two children. Judging by the picture's used condition, it must have been a favorite picture of the parents.

    window:
    Its difficult to see out the window as it wasn't been washed in years. Dirt and grime make for some interesting natural patterns but not so much to hold your interest more than a moment.
    The shade is half drawn and slightly ajar to the right. You're sure that if you lived here, you would attempt to straighten it out.
    What little light there is outside illuminates the immediate area around this locked portal. The paint on the window sill is cracked and looks like it could be peeled off. The paint's color seems to be not well matched for the wallpaper surrounding the window frame.

    smoking jacket:
    A red velvet smoking jackets lies comfortably on the plush chair. This venerable jacket has seen better days but it still looks very comfy to wear while one would potentially lounge in this study smoking a pipe thoughtfully. This eccentric smoking jacket contains a well-folded faded black and white picture of a young couple. They look happy together holding hands on some distant lake pier. The lake looks familiar but you cannot place the memory.
    While the jacket does interest you, it is much too big for you to wear.

    Bookshelves:
    The towering bookshelves are made of the same deep brown-red wood that you see outside the window. There are two aged bookshelves on each wall with the exception of the walls with the sooty window and wood-framed doorway. Most of the shelves are in decent condition but one is all but fallen apart. The lower shelves have a thick layer of dust dotted with an occasional footprint of something that looks maybe like a cat's paw. Each shelf is overfilled with a wide variety of well-used books of all sizes and colors. Its easy to tell which books have been read recently and others have collected dust bunnies for years.

    smoking pipe and stand:
    On a quaint stand next to the plush chair, sits a vintage smoking pipe is a deep brown wood with a brass connector between the worn bowl and curved stem. The pipe rests on an experienced pipe stand that has a matching wood base with horizontal gold painted pen lines with a slightly damaged corner and a faded brass upright for the pipe to rest on. The pipe stand smells of old tobacco and ashes. The pipe appeal seems to be very high to its owner but very low to you.
    (https://www.pinterest.com/pin/390968811377385947/)

    stand:
    This curious stand complements the plush chair nicely. On the underside, you see a burned inscription that reads, "Made in Utah, USA 1941". A smoking pipe and pipe stand are the only items resting atop the stand.

Description of the study (long):
  TBD


Room 2: Kitchen
  Kitchen table (you briefly see what you think is a mouse tail disappear over the top of the table). There is (collectable) wooden snake toy under the table.
  box of old cereal
  floor
  waste basket
  cabinet doors and drawers are all jammed shut
  stove

Room 3: Hole in a wall

Room 4: Overgrown backyard

Room 5: Box of old cereal
  Using the knife on a box of cereal, you can open the box and enter it.
  But the box falls and traps you inside it. Your knife is dropped outside the box (lost from player's inventory and add the knife to the room's inventory).

Room 6: bedroom


End game
* Find magical backpack in hole in the wall. Things magically fit inside it.
* Get picture of children from the chair in the study.
* Get cookbook book from the kitchen.
* Use wooden snake toy to scare off the cat in the backyard.
* Unlock the bedroom door (use pocket knife to jimmy the door).
* Use cookbook to climb up to the night stand in the bedroom.
* Place picture on night stand in bedroom. owner wakes and sees you placing the picture. He looks at the picture and tears begins to stream from his eyes. He picks you up and gives you a tight and warm embrace. Later, in the kitchen, you two share a glass of wine and some cheese as the owner rambles on lovingly about his children. You enjoy the story more than the cheese. The end (game over).
